docs/GOV-ARCHITECTURE.md, before:

# Table of contents

* [Repository Overview](../README.md)
* [Introduction](#introduction)
    * [Snapshot](#)
    * [WithTally](#)
* [Eul](#eul)
* [Delegate](#)
* [Delegate by Signature](#)
* [Get Current Votes](#)
* [Get Prior Votes](#)
* [Key Events](#)
* [Quorum Votes](#)
* [Proposal Threshold](#)
* [Proposal Max Operations](#)
* [Voting Delay](#)
* [Voting Period](#)
* [Propose](#propose)
* [Queue](#)
* [Execute](#)
* [Cancel](#)
* [Get Actions](#)
* [Get Receipt](#)
* [State](#)
* [Cast Vote](#cast-vote)
* [Cast Vote By Signature](#)
* [Timelock](#)
* [Guardian](#)


## Introduction

The [Euler protocol](https://www.euler.xyz/) is governed and upgraded by EUL token-holders, using three distinct components; the EUL token, governance module, and Timelock. Together, these contracts allow the community to propose, vote, and implement changes. Proposals can modify system parameters, support new markets, or add entirely new functionality to the protocol.

Euler will be managed by holders of a protocol native governance token called Euler Token (EUL). EUL tokens represent voting shares. A holder can vote on a governance proposal themselves or delegate their votes to a third party.

EUL token-holders can delegate their voting rights to themselves, or an address of their choice. Addresses that own or have been delegated at least 0.5% of the total EUL supply can create governance proposals.

When a governance proposal is created, it enters a 2 day review period, after which voting weights are recorded and voting begins. Voting lasts for 7 days; if a majority, and at least 3% of the EUL supply votes are cast for the proposal, it is queued in the Timelock, and can be implemented 2 days later. In total, any change to the protocol takes at least one week.


## EUL

EUL (Euler Token) is an ERC-20 token that allows the owner to delegate voting rights to any address, including their own address. Changes to the owner’s token balance automatically adjust the voting rights of the delegate.


## Delegate

Delegate votes from the sender to the delegatee. Users can delegate to 1 address at a time, and the number of votes added to the delegatee’s vote count is equivalent to the balance of EUL in the user’s account. Votes are delegated from the current block and onward, until the sender delegates again, or transfers their EUL.

### EUL
    function delegate(address delegatee)
* ```delegatee```: The address in which the sender wishes to delegate their votes to.
* ```msg.sender```: The address of the COMP token holder that is attempting to delegate their votes.
* ```RETURN```: No return, reverts on error.

### Solidity
    EUL eul = EUL(0x123...); // contract address
    eul.delegate(delegateeAddress);

### Web3 1.2.6
    const tx = await eul.methods.delegate(delegateeAddress).send({ from: sender });


## Delegate By Signature

Delegate votes from the signatory to the delegatee. This method has the same purpose as Delegate but it instead enables offline signatures to participate in Compound governance vote delegation. For more details on how to create an offline signature, review [EIP-712](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712).

### EUL
    function delegateBySig(address delegatee, uint nonce, uint expiry, uint8 v, bytes32 r, bytes32 s)
* ```delegatee```: The address in which the sender wishes to delegate their votes to.
* ```nonce```: The contract state required to match the signature. This can be retrieved from the contract’s public nonces mapping.
* ```expiry```: The time at which to expire the signature. A block timestamp as seconds since the unix epoch (uint).
* ```v```: The recovery byte of the signature.
* ```r```: Half of the ECDSA signature pair.
* ```s```: Half of the ECDSA signature pair.
* ```RETURN```: No return, reverts on error.

### Solidity
    EUL eul = EUL(0x123...); // contract address
    eul.delegateBySig(delegateeAddress, nonce, expiry, v, r, s);

### Web3 1.2.6
    const tx = await eul.methods.delegateBySig(delegateeAddress, nonce, expiry, v, r, s).send({});


## Get Current Votes 
Gets the balance of votes for an account as of the current block.

### EUL
    function getCurrentVotes(address account) returns (uint96)
* ```account```: Address of the account in which to retrieve the number of votes.
* ```RETURN```: The number of votes (integer).

### Solidity
    EUL eul = EUL(0x123...); // contract address
    uint votes = eul.getCurrentVotes(0xabc...);

### Web3 1.2.6
    const account = '0x123...'; // contract address
    const votes = await eul.methods.getCurrentVotes(account).call();


## Get Prior Votes
Gets the prior number of votes for an account at a specific block number. The block number passed must be a finalized block or the function will revert.

### EUL
    function getPriorVotes(address account, uint blockNumber) returns (uint96)
* ```account```: Address of the account in which to retrieve the prior number of votes.
* ```blockNumber```: The block number at which to retrieve the prior number of votes.
* ```RETURN```: The number of prior votes.

### Solidity
    EUL eul = EUL(0x123...); // contract address
    uint priorVotes = eul.getPriorVotes(account, blockNumber);

### Web3 1.2.6
const priorVotes = await eul.methods.getPriorVotes(account, blockNumber).call();


## Key Events

| Event                                                                                                                                                                    | Description                                                            |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| DelegateChanged(address indexed delegator, address indexed fromDelegate, address indexed toDelegate)                                                                     | An event thats emitted when an account changes its delegate            |  
| DelegateVotesChanged(address indexed delegate, uint previousBalance, uint newBalance)                                                                                    | An event thats emitted when a delegate account's vote balance changes.  |
| ProposalCreated(uint id, address proposer, address[] targets, uint[] values, string[] signatures, bytes[] calldatas, uint startBlock, uint endBlock, string description) | An event emitted when a new proposal is created.                       |  
| VoteCast(address voter, uint proposalId, bool support, uint votes)                                                                                                       | An event emitted when a vote has been cast on a proposal.              |   
| ProposalCanceled(uint id)                                                                                                                                                | An event emitted when a proposal has been canceled.                    | 
| ProposalQueued(uint id, uint eta)                                                                                                                                        | An event emitted when a proposal has been queued in the Timelock.      |  
| ProposalExecuted(uint id)                                                                                                                                                | An event emitted when a proposal has been executed in the Timelock.    |   |                                                                                


## Propose

The first step is to canvas support from the wider community for making an upgrade. This will usually involve submission of a description of the general idea to the Euler Forum, here. 

Once the idea has been debated and refined with input from others, it can be put forward for an off-chain vote via Snapshot, here. Off-chain voting is non-binding, but helps the community verify that there is real support for a proposal before it goes to the final stage.

The final stage of a proposal requires a governance action to be created and submitted as a formal on-chain proposal. An on-chain proposal requires a user to have 0.5% of the total EUL supply owned or delegated to them.
A governance action is a package of executable code that can be used to alter the state of the protocol in some way or transfer funds from the Euler Treasury. For example, it could be code that alters an interest rate parameter (see Euler Parameters), or promotes an asset from Isolation Tier to Collateral Tier (see Asset Tiers), or a much more involved proposal that adds an entirely new module to the Euler smart contracts (see Euler Smart Contracts).


## Cast Vote

Once an on-chain proposal has been successfully made, 3% of the EUL supply is required to vote ‘yes’ on the proposal in order for it to reach quorum. There is a 7 day period in which people can vote. If a vote passes, there is a 2 day time lock delay on execution during which Euler users can prepare for the change.

Commit message:

developer docs update for governance and quorum votes

docs/GOV-ARCHITECTURE.md, after:

# Table of contents

* [Repository Overview](../README.md)
* [Introduction](#introduction)
    * [Snapshot](#)
    * [WithTally](#)
* [Eul](#eul)
* [Delegate](#)
* [Delegate by Signature](#)
* [Get Current Votes](#)
* [Get Prior Votes](#)
* [Key Events](#)
* [Quorum Votes](#)
* [Proposal Threshold](#)
* [Proposal Max Operations](#)
* [Voting Delay](#)
* [Voting Period](#)
* [Propose](#propose)
* [Queue](#)
* [Execute](#)
* [Cancel](#)
* [Get Actions](#)
* [Get Receipt](#)
* [State](#)
* [Cast Vote](#cast-vote)
* [Cast Vote By Signature](#)
* [Timelock](#)
* [Guardian](#)


## Introduction

The [Euler protocol](https://www.euler.xyz/) is governed and upgraded by EUL token-holders, using three distinct components; the EUL token, governance module, and Timelock. Together, these contracts allow the community to propose, vote, and implement changes. Proposals can modify system parameters, support new markets, or add entirely new functionality to the protocol.

Euler will be managed by holders of a protocol native governance token called Euler Token (EUL). EUL tokens represent voting shares. A holder can vote on a governance proposal themselves or delegate their votes to a third party.

EUL token-holders can delegate their voting rights to themselves, or an address of their choice. Addresses that own or have been delegated at least 0.5% of the total EUL supply can create governance proposals.

When a governance proposal is created, it enters a 2 day review period, after which voting weights are recorded and voting begins. Voting lasts for 7 days; if a majority, and at least 3% of the EUL supply votes are cast for the proposal, it is queued in the Timelock, and can be implemented 2 days later. In total, any change to the protocol takes at least one week.


## EUL

EUL (Euler Token) is an ERC-20 token that allows the owner to delegate voting rights to any address, including their own address. Changes to the owner’s token balance automatically adjust the voting rights of the delegate.


## Delegate

Delegate votes from the sender to the delegatee. Users can delegate to 1 address at a time, and the number of votes added to the delegatee’s vote count is equivalent to the balance of EUL in the user’s account. Votes are delegated from the current block and onward, until the sender delegates again, or transfers their EUL.

### EUL
    function delegate(address delegatee)
* ```delegatee```: The address in which the sender wishes to delegate their votes to.
* ```msg.sender```: The address of the COMP token holder that is attempting to delegate their votes.
* ```RETURN```: No return, reverts on error.

### Solidity
    EUL eul = EUL(0x123...); // contract address
    eul.delegate(delegateeAddress);

### Web3 1.2.6
    const tx = await eul.methods.delegate(delegateeAddress).send({ from: sender });


## Delegate By Signature

Delegate votes from the signatory to the delegatee. This method has the same purpose as Delegate but it instead enables offline signatures to participate in Compound governance vote delegation. For more details on how to create an offline signature, review [EIP-712](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712).

### EUL
    function delegateBySig(address delegatee, uint nonce, uint expiry, uint8 v, bytes32 r, bytes32 s)
* ```delegatee```: The address in which the sender wishes to delegate their votes to.
* ```nonce```: The contract state required to match the signature. This can be retrieved from the contract’s public nonces mapping.
* ```expiry```: The time at which to expire the signature. A block timestamp as seconds since the unix epoch (uint).
* ```v```: The recovery byte of the signature.
* ```r```: Half of the ECDSA signature pair.
* ```s```: Half of the ECDSA signature pair.
* ```RETURN```: No return, reverts on error.

### Solidity
    EUL eul = EUL(0x123...); // contract address
    eul.delegateBySig(delegateeAddress, nonce, expiry, v, r, s);

### Web3 1.2.6
    const tx = await eul.methods.delegateBySig(delegateeAddress, nonce, expiry, v, r, s).send({});


## Get Current Votes 
Gets the balance of votes for an account as of the current block.

### EUL
    function getCurrentVotes(address account) returns (uint96)
* ```account```: Address of the account in which to retrieve the number of votes.
* ```RETURN```: The number of votes (integer).

### Solidity
    EUL eul = EUL(0x123...); // contract address
    uint votes = eul.getCurrentVotes(0xabc...);

### Web3 1.2.6
    const account = '0x123...'; // contract address
    const votes = await eul.methods.getCurrentVotes(account).call();


## Get Prior Votes
Gets the prior number of votes for an account at a specific block number. The block number passed must be a finalized block or the function will revert.

### EUL
    function getPriorVotes(address account, uint blockNumber) returns (uint96)
* ```account```: Address of the account in which to retrieve the prior number of votes.
* ```blockNumber```: The block number at which to retrieve the prior number of votes.
* ```RETURN```: The number of prior votes.

### Solidity
    EUL eul = EUL(0x123...); // contract address
    uint priorVotes = eul.getPriorVotes(account, blockNumber);

### Web3 1.2.6
const priorVotes = await eul.methods.getPriorVotes(account, blockNumber).call();


## Key Events

| Event                                                                                                                                                                    | Description                                                            |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| DelegateChanged(address indexed delegator, address indexed fromDelegate, address indexed toDelegate)                                                                     | An event thats emitted when an account changes its delegate            |  
| DelegateVotesChanged(address indexed delegate, uint previousBalance, uint newBalance)                                                                                    | An event thats emitted when a delegate account's vote balance changes.  |
| ProposalCreated(uint id, address proposer, address[] targets, uint[] values, string[] signatures, bytes[] calldatas, uint startBlock, uint endBlock, string description) | An event emitted when a new proposal is created.                       |  
| VoteCast(address voter, uint proposalId, bool support, uint votes)                                                                                                       | An event emitted when a vote has been cast on a proposal.              |   
| ProposalCanceled(uint id)                                                                                                                                                | An event emitted when a proposal has been canceled.                    | 
| ProposalQueued(uint id, uint eta)                                                                                                                                        | An event emitted when a proposal has been queued in the Timelock.      |  
| ProposalExecuted(uint id)                                                                                                                                                | An event emitted when a proposal has been executed in the Timelock.    |   |                                                                                


## Governance

Governance is the governance module of the protocol; it allows addresses with more than 0.5% of the EUL (Euler token) total supply to propose changes to the protocol. Addresses that held voting weight, at the start of the proposal, invoked through the ```getpriorvotes``` function, can submit their votes during a 7 day voting period. If a majority, and at least 3% votes are cast for the proposal, it is queued in the Timelock, and can be implemented after 2 days.


## Quorum Votes

The required minimum number of votes in support of a proposal for it to succeed.

### Governance
    function quorumVotes() public pure returns (uint)
* ```RETURN```: The minimum number of votes required for a proposal to succeed.

### Solidity
    Governance gov = Governance(0x123...); // contract address
    uint quorum = gov.quorumVotes();

### Web3 1.2.6
const quorum = await gov.methods.quorumVotes().call();



## Propose

The first step is to canvas support from the wider community for making an upgrade. This will usually involve submission of a description of the general idea to the Euler Forum, here. 

Once the idea has been debated and refined with input from others, it can be put forward for an off-chain vote via Snapshot, here. Off-chain voting is non-binding, but helps the community verify that there is real support for a proposal before it goes to the final stage.

The final stage of a proposal requires a governance action to be created and submitted as a formal on-chain proposal. An on-chain proposal requires a user to have 0.5% of the total EUL supply owned or delegated to them.
A governance action is a package of executable code that can be used to alter the state of the protocol in some way or transfer funds from the Euler Treasury. For example, it could be code that alters an interest rate parameter (see Euler Parameters), or promotes an asset from Isolation Tier to Collateral Tier (see Asset Tiers), or a much more involved proposal that adds an entirely new module to the Euler smart contracts (see Euler Smart Contracts).


## Cast Vote

Once an on-chain proposal has been successfully made, 3% of the EUL supply is required to vote ‘yes’ on the proposal in order for it to reach quorum. There is a 7 day period in which people can vote. If a vote passes, there is a 2 day time lock delay on execution during which Euler users can prepare for the change.
